# AbstractFactoryC-
The Disney Game, as per the title, is supposed to be an application that creates different game levels based on the Disney Animation Movies. Each level is supposed to have a new hero, villain, combating weapons, and set the background. All these elements will be specific to the level and they will be based on the plot of the respective movies. This project is structured using the Abstract Factory Pattern.
Design Overview: At its core, the project employs the Abstract Factory pattern, which encapsulates a group of individual factories that have a common theme. In this context, each level of the game has a concrete implementation of the abstract factory interface. The inspiration for each level comes from Disney Cartoons.
Abstract Factory Interface: IDisneyFactory is the interface that acts as the abstract factory. Inside this interface, I have declared the methods such as the hero, wicked, weapons, and location for creating different elements specific to the level. All concrete factories must implement these methods.
 Concrete Factories: I have implemented 5 different concrete factories which are: “Level1_SnowWhite; Level2_Anastasia; Level3_WallE; Level4_PeterPan; Level5_Mulan”. These factories inherit the IDisneyFactory interface. They create a set of related objects to define the hero, villain, weapon, and environment, each of which is unique to a particular level. 
Abstract Product Interfaces: The project has four product interfaces: “IHero; IWicked; IWeapon; IPlace). These are the products created by the concrete factories. What these interfaces do is that they encapsulate the behavior of the specific element such as the weapons utilized in the respective levels. 
Concrete Products: The are 20 concrete product created for each level. Every product is specific to the level and respects the plot of the Disney movies. For instance ADimitry, ARasputin, AGhost, and APonteAlexandreIII are all concrete implementations to the Level2_Anastasia.
Game Level Class: This class takes an intsnce of the IDisneyFactory as the parameter, through which continues to create the set of game elements respectively the hero, wicked, weapon, and place for a specific level. The method inside the class named CreateLevel organizes the logical way of how the information is displayed. It starts with the hero’s action, the wicked attacks, the weapon used, and the background.
Application Execution: The Program class instantiates the concrete factories. The application output is the information about each level, through a narrative that is the mirror of the chosen movie.
Conclusion: The project demonstrates the power of the Abstract Factory pattern in creating a structured framework for game development. 
